Antiprism
=========

Notes for Antiprism 0.23
------------------------

This is a minor release. It includes some new models (isohedral
kite-faced polyhedra, crown polyhedra) and evaluation of
mathematical expressions for program arguments.

Please look out for bugs, or other issues, and report them to me
at: adrian@antiprism.com

Adrian.

Adrian Rossiter <adrian@antiprism.com>
http://antiprism.com/adrian


General
-------

Antiprism is a collection of programs for generating, manipulating,
transforming and viewing polyhedra

   http://www.antiprism.com/

This is a beta release. The programs have not had wide use
and probably contain a number of bugs. Please let me know
if you come across any bugs, or anything not working as
documented.

There are two release files.

   antiprism-0.xx.tar.gz       - source code
   antiprism-0.xx_install.exe  - Windows installer

In Windows, the DOS Box started from the Antiprism Shell menu
item is configured and ready to run the Antiprism programs.

If required, the ANTIPRISM_DATA environment variable may be
set to the path of the 'data' directory in the install directory.


Building
--------

These are instructions for building from source. They aren't
needed to run the Windows executables.

Antiprism uses the autotools build system. The programs can be
built with

   ./configure
   make

and installed with (as superuser)

   make install-strip

See the INSTALL file for more details.

If there are errors relating to shared libraries when the
installed programs are run, it may be necessary to run

   sudo ldconfig

The Antiview viewer depends on GLUT. A GLUT package suitable for
developing against must be installed in order to build Antiview,
otherwise the build and install will not include this program.

If building against a locally installed GLUT package, ensure that
the headers are in a GL subdirectory. If building against OpenGLUT
or Freeglut but using their own names for headers and libraries
(rather than the usual GLUT names) run configure with --with-openglut
or --with-freeglut.

Cygwin
------
Install the X development packages and run configure with
"--with-x=yes". It should be possible to build native Windows
binaries by cross-compiling using the tools provided by Cygwin,
otherwise, use the MSYS build environment.

Mac OS X
--------
Recent changes have been made to support building on OS X (with
thanks to Ralph Sutherland), but these changes are currently
untested. Any feedback regarding successful or failed builds
would be appreciated. Run configure with "--with-x=no".


Git Code Repository
-------------------

The Git repository contains the latest development code

   https://sourceforge.net/scm/?type=git&group_id=176443

See README.git for further details.


Note to developers
------------------
All the Antiprism source code is supplied under a permissive licence.

The aim of using permissive licensing is to promote the development of
new polyhedron software by making it convenient to reuse the Antiprism
source code in other projects.

Please, support this aim. If you incorporate Antiprism source code
into your own project and make any improvements that could reasonably
be incorporated back into the Antiprism project, like bug fixes,
optimisations or new features, then please contribute your changes
for inclusion back into Antiprism under a permissive (preferably
MIT) licence.



